Precise description of reload_dataloaders_every_n_epochs (#14245)
Lightning-AI/lightning: docs/source-pytorch/common/trainer.rst

|

Set to a positive integer to reload dataloaders every n epochs from your currently used data source.

> DataSource can be a DataModule or a DataLightningModule.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Data-source can be a ``LightningModule`` or a ``LightningDataModule``.
```

> DataSource can be a ``LightningModule`` or a ``LightningDataModule.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
DataSource can be a ``LightningModule`` or a ``LightningDataModule``.
```

.. code-block:: python

    # if 0 (default)

>     train_loader = current_datasource.train_dataloader()

Reviewer 2: I think this should stay concrete. You can put a comment line below like this
```py
train_loader = model.train_dataloader()
# or if using data module: datamodule.train_dataloader()
```

or similar.

    for epoch in epochs:
        for batch in train_loader:
            ...

    # if a positive integer
    for epoch in epochs:
        if not epoch % reload_dataloaders_every_n_epochs:
            train_loader = current_datasource.train_dataloader()
        for batch in train_loader:
            ...

> Pseudo code applies also to the ``test_dataloader`` and the ``val_dataloader``.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The pseudocode also applies to the ``val_dataloader``.
```
